Datagrid docs (#68357)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/datagrid/index.md

---
aliases:
  - ../../features/panels/datagrid_panel/
  - ../../reference/datagrid/
  - ../../visualizations/datagrid/
description: Learn about datagrid panel visualization features.
keywords:
  - grafana
  - dashboard
  - panels
  - datagrid
  - datagrid panel
  - datagrid options
menuTitle: Datagrid
title: Datagrid
weight: 350
---

# Datagrid

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

The Grafana Datagrid panel is experimental. This feature is supported by the engineering team on a best-effort basis, and breaking changes may occur without notice prior to general availability.

{{% /admonition %}}

The Datagrid panel offers you the ability to create, edit, and fine-tune data within Grafana. As such, this panel can act as a data source for other panels
inside a dashboard.

Through it, you can manipulate data queried from any data source, or from a dragged and dropped file. You can then use the panel as a simple tabular
visualization, or you can modify the data—and even remove it altogether—to create a blank slate.

> Editing the dataset changes the data source to use the inbuilt `-- Grafana --` data source, thus replacing the old data source settings and related queries, while also copying the current dataset into the dashboard model. You can either use a pre-existing dataset from any other data source, start with a blank slate, or you can drag and drop a file to create a new dataset.

Author: I'll be changing the above first sentence to `Through it, you can manipulate data queried from any data source, you can start from a blank slate, or you can pull data from a dragged and dropped file.` so that it encapsulates the details and remove the last sentence of the second part alltogether.

![Datagrid panel](/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-panel.png)

## Context menu

To provide a more streamlined experience, the Datagrid panel has a context menu that can be accessed by right clicking on a cell, column header, or row selector. Depending on the state of your datagrid, the context menu offers different options including:

- Delete or clear rows and columns.
- Remove all existing data (rendering your datagrid blank).
- Trigger search functionality, which allows you to find keywords within the dataset.

Deleting a row or column will remove the data from the datagrid, while clearing a row or column will only remove the data from the cells, leaving the row or column intact.

![Datagrid context menu](/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-context-menu.png)

## Header menu

You can also access a header menu by clicking the dropdown icon next to the header title. From here, you can not only delete or clear a column, but also rename it, freeze it, or convert the field type of the column.

> ![Datagrid header menu](/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-header-menu.png)

Reviewer: This is another image where the point of the image gets a bit lost. I'd suggest just cropping out the first three rows of the grid to give the context menu more focus. I know we'll lose the name of the panel, but that's fine.

## Selecting series

If there are multiple series, you can set the Datagrid panel to display the preferred dataset using the **Select series** dropdown in the panel options.

## Using Datagrid

Datagrid offers various ways of interacting with your data. You can add, edit, move, clear, and remove rows and columns, as well as use the inbuilt search functionality to find specific data, convert field types, or freeze horizontal scroll on a specific column.

### Add data

You can add data to a datagrid by creating a new column or row.

To create a new column, take the following steps:

1. In an existing panel, click the **+** button after the last column.
1. When prompted, add a name for the new column.

> 1. Click anywhere outside the field or press the `Enter` key to save the column.

Author: Removing all code formats from all keys (`Delete`, `Enter`, `Cmd`, `Shift`, `Ctrl`)

You can then use the panel as a data source for other panels, by using the inbuilt `-- Dashboard --` data source to pull the datagrid data. This allows for an interactive dashboard experience, where you can modify the data and see the changes reflected in other panels.

Learn more about the inbuilt `-- Grafana --` and `-- Dashboard --` data sources in the [special data sources]({{< relref "../../../datasources/#special-data-sources"  >}}) documentation.

## Context menu

To provide a more streamlined experience, the Datagrid panel has a context menu that can be accessed by right-clicking on a cell, column header, or row selector. Depending on the state of your datagrid, the context menu offers different options including:

- Delete or clear rows and columns.
- Remove all existing data (rendering your datagrid blank).
- Trigger search functionality, which allows you to find keywords within the dataset.

Deleting a row or column will remove the data from the datagrid, while clearing a row or column will only remove the data from the cells, leaving the row or column intact.

> ![Datagrid context menu](/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-context-menu-2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-context-menu-2.png" alt="Datagrid context menu" max-width="400px" >}}
```

> ### Header menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Header menu
```

You can also access a header menu by clicking the dropdown icon next to the header title. From here, you can not only delete or clear a column, but also rename it, freeze it, or convert the field type of the column.

> ![Datagrid header menu](/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-header-menu-2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-header-menu-2.png" alt="Datagrid header menu" max-width="500px" >}}```

> {{< figure src="/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-header-menu-2.png" alt="Datagrid header menu" max-width="500px" >}}```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-header-menu-2.png" alt="Datagrid header menu" max-width="500px" >}}
```

## Selecting series

If there are multiple series, you can set the Datagrid panel to display the preferred dataset using the **Select series** dropdown in the panel options.

## Using Datagrid

Datagrid offers various ways of interacting with your data. You can add, edit, move, clear, and remove rows and columns; use the inbuilt search functionality to find specific data; and convert field types or freeze horizontal scroll on a specific column.

### Add data

You can add data to a datagrid by creating a new column or row.

To create a new column, take the following steps:

1. In an existing panel, click the **+** button in the table header after the last column.
1. When prompted, add a name for the new column.
1. Click anywhere outside the field or press the Enter key to save the column.

Now you can add data in each cell.

To add a new row, click a **+** button after the last row. The button is present in each cell after the last row, and clicking it triggers the creation of a new row while also activating the cell that you clicked.

### Edit data

You can edit data by taking the following steps:

> 1. Double click on the cell that needs to be modified. This will activate the cell and allow you to edit the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Double-click on the cell that needs to be modified. This will activate the cell and allow you to edit the data.
```

1. After editing the data, click anywhere outside the cell or press the Enter key to finalize the edit.

To easily clear a cell of data, you can click on a cell to focus it and then press the Delete key.

### Move data

You can move columns and rows as needed.

To move a column, take the following steps:

1. Click and hold the header of the column that needs to be moved.
1. Drag the column to the desired location.
1. Release the mouse button to finalize the move.

> To move a row, click and hold on the row selector from the number column situated on the left side, and drag it to the desired location. Releasing the mouse button finalizes the move.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To move a row, click and hold on the row selector from the number column situated on the far left side of the grid, and drag it to the desired location. Releasing the mouse button finalizes the move.
```

### Select multiple cells

You can select multiple cells by clicking on a single cell and dragging the mouse across others. This selection can be used to copy the data from the selected cells or to delete them using the Delete key.

### Delete/clear multiple rows or columns

To delete or clear multiple rows, take the following steps:

> 1. Hover over the number column (to the left of the first column in the grid) to display its column checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Hover over the number column (to the left of the first column in the grid) to display row checkbox.
```

1. Select the checkboxes for the rows you want to work with.

>    To select multiple consecutive rows, you must hold the Shift key pressed while clicking on the first and last row. To select certain rows, the Ctrl (or Cmd) key must be pressed while clicking on the desired rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To select multiple consecutive rows, press and hold the Shift key while clicking on the first and last row. To select certain rows, press and hold the Ctrl (or Cmd) key while clicking the desired rows.
```

1. Right-click to access the context menu.
1. Select **Delete rows** or **Clear rows**.

> The same rules apply to columns by clicking on the column headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same rules apply to columns by clicking the column headers.
```

---
aliases:
  - ../../features/panels/datagrid_panel/
  - ../../reference/datagrid/
  - ../../visualizations/datagrid/
description: Learn about datagrid panel visualization features.
keywords:
  - grafana
  - dashboard
  - panels
  - datagrid
  - datagrid panel
  - datagrid options
menuTitle: Datagrid
title: Datagrid

> weight: 950

Reviewer: Moves this into alphabetical order
```suggestion
weight: 350
```

---

# Datagrid

> > **Note:** Grafana Datagrid panel is Experimental. This feature is supported by the engineering team on a best-effort basis, and breaking changes may occur without notice prior to general availability.

Reviewer: Formatting note using a shortcode 
```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}

The Grafana Datagrid panel is Experimental. This feature is supported by the engineering team on a best-effort basis, and breaking changes may occur without notice prior to general availability.

{{% /admonition %}}
```

> The datagrid panel offers a user the ability to create or edit and fine-tune data within Grafana. As such, this panel can act as a data source for other panels

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The datagrid panel offers a user the ability to create, edit, and fine-tune data within Grafana. As such, this panel can act as a data source for other panels
```

Reviewer 2: Also, should `datagrid` be capitalized?

Reviewer: I would agree that Datagrid should be capitalized here and throughout to conform with the way we currently tend to document panels (this might change, but for now, let's remain consistent).

Author: Thanks for this. I never knew you can add a comma before `and` when listing qualities. I always thought it's a mistake to add it in that case, but apparently based on [this](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/comma-before-and/) it's optional.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I don't have **_super_** strong feelings about comma usage, but added it here since the Oxford usage is appropriate for the syntactic context.

Reviewer: Our style guidelines for Grafana are to use Oxford or serial commas, so definitely add it.

> The datagrid panel offers a user the ability to create or edit and fine-tune data within Grafana. As such, this panel can act as a data source for other panels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datagrid panel offers you the ability to create, edit, and fine-tune data within Grafana. As such, this panel can act as a data source for other panels
```

inside a dashboard. Let us dive deeper into the flows and functionalities of this panel.

![Datagrid panel](/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-panel.png)

## Use cases

> The datagrid panel can be used to manipulate data queried from any data source or from a dragged and dropped file. It can then be used as a simple tabular

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The datagrid panel can be used to manipulate data queried from any data source, or from a dragged and dropped file. It can then be used as a simple tabular
```

Author: I'm curious about the rules here. I would normally write without a comma, is it because the second part after the `or`is an independent clause? Would writing it this way, without the `or` be correct? - `queried from any data source or dragged and dropped file`

Reviewer 2: The comma here indicates a pause, which I think clarifies the distinctions between the 2 options ("any data source" || "drag and dropped file"). But, again, no strong opinion either way; I think both with and without the comma are correct.

> visualization or the data can be modified and even removed altogether to create a blank slate. Any changes made to data source retrieved data trigger a confirmation modal that informs the user about the action they are about to take. Editing the dataset changes the data source to use the inbuilt `-- Grafana --` data source, thus losing the old data source settings and related queries, while also copying the current dataset into the dashboards model. After confirming the action, all data modifications are saved to the dashboard model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
visualization, or the data can be modified - and even removed altogether - to create a blank slate. Any changes made to data source retrieved data triggers a confirmation modal that informs the user about the action they are about to take. Editing the dataset changes the data source to use the inbuilt `-- Grafana --` data source, thus losing the old data source settings and related queries, while also copying the current dataset into the dashboards model. After confirming the action, all data modifications are saved to the dashboard model.
```

> visualization or the data can be modified and even removed altogether to create a blank slate. Any changes made to data source retrieved data trigger a confirmation modal that informs the user about the action they are about to take. Editing the dataset changes the data source to use the inbuilt `-- Grafana --` data source, thus losing the old data source settings and related queries, while also copying the current dataset into the dashboards model. After confirming the action, all data modifications are saved to the dashboard model.

Reviewer 2: Is there documentation about the `-- Dashboard --` data source that you should link here?

Author: That is a good question, I have not found any docs related to the in-built `Dashboard` or `Grafana` datasources. @imatwawana do you know of any?

The panel can then be used as a data source for other panels, by using the inbuilt `-- Dashboard --` data source to pull the datagrid data. This allows for an interactive dashboard experience, where the user can modify the data and see the changes reflected in other panels.

## Selecting series

If multiple series are present, the datagrid can display the preferred dataset through the panel options `Select series` select box.

## How to use the datagrid

Datagrid offers various ways of interacting with the data. The user can add, edit, move, clear and remove rows and columns, as well as use the inbuilt search functionality to find specific data, convert field types or freeze horizontal scroll on a specific column.

### Adding data

> Data can be added to the datagrid by creating a new column or row. To create a new column, click the `+` button found after the last column. After clicking the button, a new input will prompt the user to name the newly created column. Clicking anywhere outside the input or pressing the `Enter` key will finalize column creation. After that, data can be filled on each cell.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Data can be added to the datagrid by creating a new column or row. To create a new column, click the `+` button found after the last column. After clicking the button, a new input will prompt the user to name the newly created column. Clicking anywhere outside the input, or pressing the `Enter` key, will finalize column creation. After that, data can be filled on each cell.
```

To add a new row, click the `+` button found after the last row. The button is present on each cell after the last row and will trigger creating a new one while also activating the corresponding cell that was clicked.

### Editing data

Data can be edited by double clicking on the cell that needs to be modified. This will activate the cell and allow the user to edit the data. After editing the data, clicking anywhere outside the cell or pressing the `Enter` key will finalize the edit. To easily clear a cell of data, a user can click on a cell to focus it and then press the `Delete` key.

### Moving data

Columns and rows can be moved around as desired. To move a column, click and hold the column header and drag it to the desired location. Releasing the mouse button will finalize the move. To move a row, click and hold the row selector from the number column situated on the left side and drag it to the desired location. Releasing the mouse button will finalize the move.

### Selecting multiple cells

> A user can select multiple cells by clicking on one and dragging the mouse across others. This selection can be used to copy the data from the selected cells or to delete them using the `Delete` key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A user can select multiple cells by clicking on a single cell and dragging the mouse across others. This selection can be used to copy the data from the selected cells or to delete them using the `Delete` key.
```

### Using the context menu

> To provide a more streamlined experience, the datagrid panel offers a context menu that can be accessed on right click. Based on the state of the datagrid, the context menu will offer different options. The context menu can be accessed by right clicking on a cell, column header or row selector. Through the context menu, users can delete or clear rows and column, remove all existing data (rendering the datagrid blank), or trigger the search functionality. Deleting a row or column will remove the data from the datagrid, while clearing a row or column will only remove the data from the cells, leaving the row or column intact.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To provide a more streamlined experience, the datagrid panel offers a context menu that can be accessed on right mouse click. Based on the state of the datagrid, the context menu will offer different options. The context menu can be accessed by right mouse clicking on a cell, column header, or row selector. Through the context menu, users can delete or clear rows and columns, remove all existing data (rendering the datagrid blank), or trigger the search functionality. Deleting a row or column will remove the data from the datagrid, while clearing a row or column will only remove the data from the cells, leaving the row or column intact.
```

![Datagrid context menu](/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-context-menu.png)

### Deleting/clearing multiple rows or columns

To delete or clear multiple rows, users can select the desired rows through the checkboxes found on the left side number column and then right click to access the context menu. To select multiple consecutive rows, a user must hold the `Shift` key pressed while clicking on the first and last row. To select certain rows, the `Ctrl` (or `Cmd`) key must be pressed while clicking on the desired rows. The same can be done for columns, by clicking on the column headers and holding the `Shift` or `Ctrl` (`Cmd`) keys and then opening the context menu to apply the desired action.

To delete all rows, use the `Select all` checkbox found on the top left corner of the datagrid. This will select all rows and allow the user to delete them through the context menu.

### Searching data

The search functionality can be triggered from the context menu and will allow users to find keywords within the dataset. The searchbox can then be closed either by clicking the `x` button or pressing the `Escape` key.

### Header dropdown menu

> There is another type of menu dedicated to the headers. Clicking on the dropdown icon on the right side of the header title will open a new menu from which users can also delete or clear a column, but also rename it, freeze it or convert the field type of the column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is another type of menu dedicated to the headers. Clicking on the dropdown icon on the right side of the header title will open a new menu from which users can also delete or clear a column, but also rename it, freeze it, or convert the field type of the column.
```

---
aliases:
  - ../../features/panels/datagrid_panel/
  - ../../reference/datagrid/
  - ../../visualizations/datagrid/
description: Learn about datagrid panel visualization features.
keywords:
  - grafana
  - dashboard
  - panels
  - datagrid
  - datagrid panel
  - datagrid options
menuTitle: Datagrid
title: Datagrid
weight: 350
---

# Datagrid

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

The Grafana Datagrid panel is Experimental. This feature is supported by the engineering team on a best-effort basis, and breaking changes may occur without notice prior to general availability.

{{% /admonition %}}

The Datagrid panel offers you the ability to create, edit, and fine-tune data within Grafana. As such, this panel can act as a data source for other panels
inside a dashboard. Let us dive deeper into the flows and functionalities of this panel.

![Datagrid panel](/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-panel.png)

> ## Use cases

Author: Yeah, this section might be a revamp. I guess there is only one use-case with some minor variations really: Pull data from somewhere -> fine-tune -> visualize in other panels vs Create dataset from scratch -> visualize it. Or even just pull data and use the datagrid as a simple, less formatted, table viz.

> ## Use cases

Reviewer: Okay i get what you mean and having a heading that just says "use case" feels a bit off. one way you might get around that is to describe the one use case but then provide a couple example scenarios?

The datagrid panel can be used to manipulate data queried from any data source, or from a dragged and dropped file. It can then be used as a simple tabular

> visualization, or the data can be modified - and even removed altogether - to create a blank slate. Any changes made to data source retrieved data triggers a confirmation modal that informs you about the action you are about to take. Editing the dataset changes the data source to use the inbuilt `-- Grafana --` data source, thus losing the old data source settings and related queries, while also copying the current dataset into the dashboards model. After confirming the action, all data modifications are saved to the dashboard model.

Author: Hey @imatwawana.

I agree we don't need to give info regarding 1 and 4. For 2, we're changing the datasources because a typical workflow would involve pulling some data from some datasource (e.g: mysql) and then the user might want to fine-tune the resulted data. In that case, the entire dataset will be saved as a snapshot which is a query type under the `-- Grafana --` datasource. This is to show that we no long query data from MySQL, but use locally stored data. For 3 I also agree that `replace` is better.

> visualization, or the data can be modified - and even removed altogether - to create a blank slate. Any changes made to data source retrieved data triggers a confirmation modal that informs you about the action you are about to take. Editing the dataset changes the data source to use the inbuilt `-- Grafana --` data source, thus losing the old data source settings and related queries, while also copying the current dataset into the dashboards model. After confirming the action, all data modifications are saved to the dashboard model.

Reviewer: Okay i've updated my edit to incorporate removing the stuff from 1 and 4 and hopefully accurately reflecting your explanation.

> visualization, or the data can be modified - and even removed altogether - to create a blank slate. Any changes made to data source retrieved data triggers a confirmation modal that informs you about the action you are about to take. Editing the dataset changes the data source to use the inbuilt `-- Grafana --` data source, thus losing the old data source settings and related queries, while also copying the current dataset into the dashboards model. After confirming the action, all data modifications are saved to the dashboard model.

Author: Thank you! I just want to mention that it does not have to be MySQL neccesarily, but any datasource can be used to pull data and then editing it through the datagrid will copy and move that data to a Grafana DS Snapshot

To get a better understanding of the inbuilt `-- Grafana --` and `-- Dashboard --` datasources, please check the [special data sources](/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/#special-data-sources) documentation.

## Selecting series

If multiple series are present, the datagrid can display the preferred dataset through the panel options `Select series` select box.

## How to use the datagrid

Datagrid offers various ways of interacting with the data. You can add, edit, move, clear, and remove rows and columns, as well as use the inbuilt search functionality to find specific data, convert field types, or freeze horizontal scroll on a specific column.

### Adding data

Data can be added to the datagrid by creating a new column or row. To create a new column, click the `+` button found after the last column. After clicking the button, a new input will prompt you to name the newly created column. Clicking anywhere outside the input, or pressing the `Enter` key, will finalize column creation. After that, data can be filled on each cell.

> To add a new row, click the `+` button found after the last row. The button is present on each cell after the last row and will trigger creating a new one while also activating the corresponding cell that was clicked.

Author: To use the panel, you need to get data from any datasource and as soon as you edit it (by changing cells or adding or removing cols/rows) it changes to `Grafana` DS with snapshot query type.

### Editing data

Data can be edited by double clicking on the cell that needs to be modified. This will activate the cell and allow you to edit the data. After editing the data, clicking anywhere outside the cell or pressing the `Enter` key will finalize the edit. To easily clear a cell of data, you can click on a cell to focus it and then press the `Delete` key.

### Moving data

Columns and rows can be moved around as desired. To move a column, click and hold the column header and drag it to the desired location. Releasing the mouse button will finalize the move. To move a row, click and hold the row selector from the number column situated on the left side and drag it to the desired location. Releasing the mouse button will finalize the move.

### Selecting multiple cells

You can select multiple cells by clicking on a single cell and dragging the mouse across others. This selection can be used to copy the data from the selected cells or to delete them using the `Delete` key.

> ### Using the context menu

Reviewer: This section is more descriptive of a UI element than really directions on how to use a context menu—folks know how to use a context menu. I would move this up to just before the use case section and make it an H2. I've also suggested moving the header menu content under this since they're both menus.
```suggestion
### Context menu
```

> To provide a more streamlined experience, the datagrid panel offers a context menu that can be accessed on right mouse click. Based on the state of the datagrid, the context menu will offer different options. The context menu can be accessed by right mouse clicking on a cell, column header, or row selector. Through the context menu, you can delete or clear rows and columns, remove all existing data (rendering the datagrid blank), or trigger the search functionality. Deleting a row or column will remove the data from the datagrid, while clearing a row or column will only remove the data from the cells, leaving the row or column intact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide a more streamlined experience, the Datagrid panel has a context menu that can be accessed by right clicking on a cell, column header, or row selector. Depending on the state of your datagrid, the context menu offers different options including:

- Delete or clear rows and columns.
- Remove all existing data (rendering your datagrid blank).
- Trigger search functionality, which allows you to find keywords within the dataset. 

Deleting a row or column will remove the data from the datagrid, while clearing a row or column will only remove the data from the cells, leaving the row or column intact.

### Header menu

You can also access a header menu by clicking the dropdown icon next to the header title. From here, you can not only delete or clear a column, but also rename it, freeze it, or convert the field type of the column.

![Datagrid header menu](/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-header-menu.png)
```

![Datagrid context menu](/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-context-menu.png)

### Deleting/clearing multiple rows or columns

To delete or clear multiple rows, you can select the desired rows through the checkboxes found on the left side number column and then right click to access the context menu. To select multiple consecutive rows, you must hold the `Shift` key pressed while clicking on the first and last row. To select certain rows, the `Ctrl` (or `Cmd`) key must be pressed while clicking on the desired rows. The same can be done for columns, by clicking on the column headers and holding the `Shift` or `Ctrl` (`Cmd`) keys and then opening the context menu to apply the desired action.

To delete all rows, use the `Select all` checkbox found on the top left corner of the datagrid. This will select all rows and allow the user to delete them through the context menu.

> ### Searching data
> 
> The search functionality can be triggered from the context menu and will allow you to find keywords within the dataset. The searchbox can then be closed either by clicking the `x` button or pressing the `Escape` key.
> 

Reviewer: The second sentence seems like overkill to me, which then renders this a one-sentence section, which isn't ideal. I'd kill this section and I've made the first sentence part of the search bullet point in the context menu section.
```suggestion
```

> ### Header dropdown menu
> 
> There is another type of menu dedicated to the headers. Clicking on the dropdown icon on the right side of the header title will open a new menu from which users can also delete or clear a column, but also rename it, freeze it, or convert the field type of the column.
> Columns can be converted between `numeric`, `string` and `boolean` types.
> 
> ![Datagrid header menu](/media/docs/datagrid/screenshot-grafana-datagrid-header-menu.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
